bsdlib: bump to version 0.6.1.2 (#190)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrfxlib: bsdlib/doc/CHANGELOG.rst

All notable changes to this project are documented in this file.

bsdlib 0.6.1.2
**************

> * Bugfix release

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Bugfix release.
```

> * Fixes issue with accept() where it doesn't accept a second connection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed issue with accept() where it did not accept a second connection.
```
